## 0situation-coronavirus-in-quebec
* web_content/0situation-coronavirus-in-quebec
  - The Gouvernement du Québec has taken a number of measures to contain the spread, including: the adoption, on March 13, 2020, of an Order in Council declaring a health emergency throughout Québec territory (PDF 19.36 Kb) (in French only). This exceptional measure will, by way of an example, enable the Ministère de la Santé et des Services sociaux and establishments to prompotly purchase equipment or conclude the necessary contracts to protect the health of the population;Order No. 2020-003 by the Minister of Health and Social Services issued on March 14, 2020 (byelection) (PDF 13.67 Kb);Order No. 2020-004 by the Minister of Health and Social Services issued on March 15, 2020 (PDF 82 Kb);Order No. 2020-005 by the Minister of Health and Social Services issued on March 17, 2020 (PDF 72 Kb);Order No. 2020-006 by the Minister of Health and Social Services issued on March 19, 2020 (PDF 46 Kb) (in French only).voluntary self-isolation  for 14 days for anyone who returns from abroad on or after March 12, 2020;mandatory isolation  for 14 days for all public service employees and health care, education and daycare workers, both private and public, who return from abroad on or after March 12, 2020;the closing of several businesses and public spaces in the cultural and tourist sectors;the prohibition of indoor gatherings of more than 250 people;all daycare services (childcare centres, as well as subsidized, non-subsidized, family and non-regulated daycare centres) and institutions (elementary and secondary schools, vocational training and adult education centres, private schools, CEGEPs, colleges and universities) will be closed from Monday, March 16, through Friday, March 27. However, measures have been implemented to continue to offer emergency daycare services for children of health care and essential services personnel;non-essential visits are prohibited to hospitals, residential and long-term care centres, intermediate resources, family-type resources for the elderly and vulnerable adults and private seniors’ homes throughout Québec’s territory;the suspension of student loan debt repayment for 6 months, including borrowers whose accounts are in collection;the temporary suspension of visits between children in foster families, rehabilitation centres or intermediate resources and their biological families;prevention and control in health care settings in suspected or confirmed cases of infection;a program to offer financial assistance to meet the needs of workers who, because they are in isolation to counter the propagation of the COVID-19 virus, cannot earn all of their work income and are not eligible for another financial assistance program;the announcement of the Concerted temporary action program for businesses (PACTE) offering financial support to businesses experiencing difficulties obtaining supplies of raw materials or products (goods or services) or whose ability to deliver products is halted or reduced;the announcement of flexibility measures respecting the terms and conditions of loans already granted by Investissement Québec or through the local investment funds;coverage, by the Régie de l’assurance maladie du Québec (RAMQ), of health services related to COVID-19 provided by correspondence or by means of telecommunications;the opening of designated clinics to deal with individuals displaying symptoms;the postponement of municipal by-elections on March 15, 2020 and the 20 others planned by late April. Health care professionals in Québec, in particular doctors, nurses, laboratory staff and paramedics, have access to tools to quickly identify cases suspicious for COVID-19, ensure they are managed appropriately and that the necessary prevention and control measures are taken.

## 1situation-coronavirus-in-quebec
* web_content/1situation-coronavirus-in-quebec
  - The Gouvernement du Québec has ordered the closure of all daycare services (childcare centres, as well as subsidized, non-subsidized, family and non-regulated daycare centres) and institutions (elementary and secondary schools, vocational training and adult education centres, private schools, CEGEPs, colleges and universities) from Monday, March 16, through Friday, March 27. However, measures have been implemented to continue to offer emergency daycare services for children of health care and essential services personnel. More information is available on the ministère de l'Éducation et de l'Enseignement supérieur website .

## 2situation-coronavirus-in-quebec
* web_content/2situation-coronavirus-in-quebec
  - The Government of Quebec is banning all indoor gatherings of more than 250 people. Cancelling unnecessary gatherings is also strongly recommended to reduce the risk of spreading the coronavirus. Businesses that employ more than 250 people are not covered by the prohibition on indoor gatherings and can pursue their activities.

## 3situation-coronavirus-in-quebec
* web_content/3situation-coronavirus-in-quebec
  - Employers are asked to be flexible regarding their employees’ work schedules to limit, for example, crowds in public transit during rush hour. To reduce overcrowding in hospitals, the Québec government asks employers not to require their employees to present a doctor’s note if they have to self-isolate. If possible, employers are also asked to encourage their employees to telework. Businesses that deliver goods from abroad in Québec do not have to ask their employees to temporarily self-isolate.

## 0instructions-directives
* web_content/0instructions-directives
  - Wash your hands often with soap under warm running water for at least 20 seconds.Use an alcohol-based hand rub if soap and water are not available.Practice proper cough and sneeze etiquette: 	Cover your mouth and nose with your arm to reduce the spread of germs.If you use a tissue, dispose of it as soon as possible and wash your hands afterwards.If you are sick, avoid contact with more vulnerable people, including older adults and people who have a chronic disease. For example, avoid visiting people in hospital, people living in residential and long-term care centres or in private residences.Avoid direct contact when you greet someone, such as shaking hands, and use alternative ways to greet people. Every individual has their part to play to reduce the risk of spreading viruses. Masks are not an effective means of protection for the general public. Their use is indicated more for patients who are suspected of being infected and for the health professionals who are providing care for them. You can watch the message from Dr. Horacio Arruda  (French only), Québec Director of Public Health, on the topic. If you are worried or anxious about the coronavirus, you can contact the toll-free line 1 877 644-4545. To help you minimize the repercussions of these kinds of reactions on your life, see the Stress, Anxiety and Depression Associated With the Coronavirus COVID-19 Disease. Avoid non-essential travel from one region to another Moreover, avoid non-essential travel from one region to another. Travel between regions should be confined to trips for medical reasons and work when teleworking is not possible.

## 1instructions-directives
* web_content/1instructions-directives
  - Voluntary self-isolation  for 14 days is recommended for anyone returning from abroad on or after March 12, 2020. Returning travellers must be vigilant and monitor themselves for symptoms. Businesses that deliver goods from abroad in Québec do not have to ask their employees to temporarily self-isolate. Self-isolation  is mandatory for all public service employees and health care, education and daycare workers, both private and public, returning from abroad. Public sector employees will continue their treatment during the isolation period. Individuals who are returning from outside Canada and are in self-isolation at home must abide by the advice indicated below. Stay at home Do not go to school, to work, to a childcare centre or a day care centre or to any other public space.Do not use public transport.Postpone all non-urgent medical appointments.Do not receive visitors at home. Call 1-877-644-4545 if you have a cough or fever Do not go to a medical clinic unless you have first obtained an appointment.Visit the emergency room only if you have difficulty breathing.Before you go to the emergency department, contact 1-877-644-4545 if your condition allows it. If you are a traveller who has returned within less than 14 days, mention it. You will be given directions and told what precautions to take, such as wearing a mask, using personal transportation or an ambulance, and so on. Moreover, the hospital will be notified of your arrival. If you are living with other people who have not travelled If you do not have a cough or fever, no other specific measure needs to be adopted. Wash your hands frequently and avoid sharing personal items such as towels, utensils and glasses.If you have a cough or fever, contact 1-877-644-4545 and until you receive advice: 	do not receive visitors in the home;remain alone in one room of the house as often as possible and close the door;eat and sleep alone in one room of the house;if possible use a bathroom reserved for your sole use. Otherwise, disinfect it after each use;avoid as much as possible contact with other people in the home. If this is impossible, wear a mask.If a mask is not available, stay at least 2 metres (the length of a big dining table) away from other people;use disposable tissues to cough, blow your nose or sneeze;discard the tissues in the garbage and wash your hands with soap and water;if you do not have disposable tissues, cough or sneeze in the crook of your arm.

## 2instructions-directives
* web_content/2instructions-directives
  - Contact the Info-Social 811 service if you are experiencing: stress or anxiety;persistent emotional reactions (frequent crying, irritability, and so on);panic;invasive, frightening ideas that you are constantly turning over in your mind;social repercussions of the disease. Psychosocial intervention professionals will offer you support and provide information and advice according to your needs.

## 3instructions-directives
* web_content/3instructions-directives
  - The Gouvernement du Québec is ordering until March 30, 2020 the closing of the following businesses and public spaces: aquariums;skating rinks;bars and discotheques;libraries;sugar shacks;training gyms, dance halls and spinning, zumba and yoga centres;indoor soccer arenas;outdoor recreation centres;cinemas and games arcades;sample counters and booths in grocery and department stores;recreational sites (ski resorts, amusement parks, trampoline centres, etc.);museums;water parks;swimming pools, spas and saunas;restaurants offering buffet service;performance spaces;theatres;zoos;all other similar facilities. The Gouvernement du Québec is asking restaurants and coffee shop owners to limit the number of customers to 50% of the rooms’ capacity, that is, one table in two. However, buffet-style restaurants and sugar shacks must close temporarily. Take-out orders, deliveries and drive-through services are permitted. The SQDC and SAQ remain open, but the number of clients must be limited in order to respect social distancing. Online orders are encouraged. For places of worship, religious gatherings of all faiths should be suspended, unless they are essential. If a gathering takes place, social distancing must be observed.

## 4instructions-directives
* web_content/4instructions-directives
  - Starting March 14, 2020, non-essential visits to hospitals, residential and long-term car centres, intermediate resources, targeted family-type resources and private senior’s residence will be prohibited to protect the most vulnerable individuals and workers in the health and social services network. 

## 5instructions-directives
* web_content/5instructions-directives
  - To protect their health, people 70 years of age and over are asked to stay home, except in cases of necessity or exceptional circumstances such as an important medical appointment. Consequently, they are asked to avoid gathering in shopping centres or restaurants. Howevere, seniors can go out for a walk or to buy groceries or medications while abiding by health recommendations. Home delivery services should be used when available. Families and friends are encouraged to phone seniors to catch up on their news and ask them to protect themselves. In order to reassure seniors and remind them of the importance of abiding by public health instructions, the Québec government has established a robocall system featuring well-known key figures such as Bernard Derome (french only)  and Dominique Michel (french only) . The robocalls are intended for Quebecers 70 years of age and over.

## 6instructions-directives
* web_content/6instructions-directives
  - Coronavirus COVID19 – informations for indigenous communities 

## 0general-information-about-coronavirus
* web_content/0general-information-about-coronavirus
  - In December 2019, the World Health Organization was alerted to several cases of pneumonia in Wuhan, China. The virus did not match any other known virus. On January 7, 2020, China confirmed COVID-19. For more information, see the Situation of the coronavirus (COVID-19) in Québec page. About coronaviruses SARS‑CoV‑2 belongs to the coronavirus family. Some viruses in this family cause disease in animals, while others cause disease in humans. In rare cases, coronaviruses that infect animals can also infect people. In Québec, there is no evidence to suggest a risk of human infection caused by animals or animal products. Coronaviruses can be spread between people through close contact. In addition to SARS‑CoV‑2, two other coronaviruses are transmitted from animals to humans and have caused serious diseases in humans, namely, SARS‑CoV in 2003 and MERS‑CoV since 2012.

## 1general-information-about-coronavirus
* web_content/1general-information-about-coronavirus
  - The main symptoms are as follows: FeverCoughDifficulty breathing The symptoms can be mild (similar to a cold) or more severe (similar to those associated with pneumonia and respiratory failure). In rare cases, infection can lead to death. People most at risk of complications are those with a weakened immune system or a chronic disease and older people. Development of symptoms Québec residents who develop fever or cough symptoms or respiratory difficulties when they return from a trip outside of Canada must contact 1 877 644-4545. As needed, the caseworker will tell them what institution to visit for a check-up. If a consultation is required, it is important for residents to inform the health care facility about their travel history before they go to the facility so that the necessary preventive measures can be taken. Stress, anxiety and depression In the context of a pandemic, many people will experience stress, anxiety and depression reactions. To help you minimize the repercussions of these kinds of reactions on your life, see the Stress, Anxiety and Depression Associated With the Coronavirus COVID-19 Diseasev. Treatment There is no specific treatment or vaccine for the COVID‑19. Supportive treatment can, however, be provided. Most people with COVID‑19 will recover on their own.

## 2general-information-about-coronavirus
* web_content/2general-information-about-coronavirus
  - Investigations are ongoing concerning COVID‑19. The information in the next two paragraphs is about human coronaviruses. It probably applies to COVID‑19. Coronaviruses usually cause infections of the nose, throat and lungs. In most cases, they are spread by: close contact with an infected person when the person coughs or sneezes;touching infected surfaces with your hands and then touching your mouth, nose or eyes. In general, coronaviruses do not survive for long on objects: around 3 hours on inert objects with dry surfaces,6 days on inert objects with wet surfaces.

## 3general-information-about-coronavirus
* web_content/3general-information-about-coronavirus
  - Cruise ships Quebecers who were on certain cruise ships were in contact with potentially contagious persons. It is recommended that these cruise passengers be in voluntary isolation for a period of 14 days after their date of arrival in Canada and monitor their symptoms (fever, cough or difficulty breathing). If you experience these symptoms, call 1-877-644-4545. These cruise ships and the departure and arrival dates are presented in the table of cruise ships and coronavirus (COVID-19) exposure dates. Cruise ships and exposure datesCruise ships and home portExposure datesVoluntary isolation deadlineNile Egypt River cruise shipFebruary 2 to March 4March 18, 2020Celebrity Silhouette cruise ship with home port unknownFebruary 23 to March 6March 20, 2020Norwegian Bliss cruise ship with home port unknownMarch 1 to 7March 21, 2020MSC Bellissima cruise ship, itinerary including Dubai, Abu Dhabi and QatarMarch 7March 21, 2020Celebrity Summit cruise ship with home port in Puerto RicoFebruary 29 to March 7March 21, 2020MSC Meraviglia cruise ship with home port in MiamiMarch 1 to 8March 22, 2020Celebrity Summit cruise ship with home port in Puerto RicoMarch 7 to 14March 28, 2020MSC Meraviglia cruise ship with home port in MiamiMarch 8 to 15March 29, 2020

## 4general-information-about-coronavirus
* web_content/4general-information-about-coronavirus
  - Some persons infected by COVID-19 were recently out in public while potentially contagious. The table below shows the locations, dates and times of the risk of exposure to coronavirus (COVID-19). If you were in any of these locations at these times, be on the lookout for symptoms such as fever, coughing, or difficulty breathing. If you experience any of these symptoms, call 1 877 644-4545. The risk of contracting COVID-19 on public transit remains very low. However, as a precautionary measure, we are asking everyone who used public transit during these times to monitor their symptoms. Please remember that it is important to avoid touching your face with your hands and to wash your hands (with soap or hand sanitizer) after spending time in public locations or using public transit.

## 5general-information-about-coronavirus
* web_content/5general-information-about-coronavirus
  - For more information, see the Health recommendations for everyone section.

## 6general-information-about-coronavirus
* web_content/6general-information-about-coronavirus
  - Level of risk A risk assessment concerning COVID‑19 will be reassessed as new information becomes available. The level of risk for Canadians travelling abroad varies from level 1 (practise usual travel health precautions) to level 4 (avoid all travel) in order to protect the health of the population of Canada. Health advice for travellers is provided by the CBSA for several countries. To find out the recommendations for each country, go to the Government of Canada’s Travel Advice and Advisories . An official global advisory to travellers is in force: Avoid non-essential trips outside of Canada until further notice.Furthermore, travellers are advised to avoid all cruise ship travel  due to the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak. Recommendations Travellers are advised to consult Active travel health notices for COVID‑19, issued by the Government of Canada. These are available on the Coronavirus disease (COVID‑19): Travel advice . It indicates the level of precautions to take depending on the travel destination. These notices also specify the recommendations issued for travellers returning to Canada.

## 7general-information-about-coronavirus
* web_content/7general-information-about-coronavirus
  - At Canadian airports Canada displays messages to travellers concerning COVID‑19 on the arrivals boards of ten airports that may receive international flights. In addition, all passengers from countries affected by COVID‑19 receive a leaflet detailing the recommendations to follow. Passengers who go to the automated self-serve kiosks must also answer specific questions about their health status and their travel history. For more information go to the At Canadian airports  section of the Coronavirus disease (COVID‑19): Canada’s response page. People who have symptoms People who report symptoms at the airport will be assessed by a quarantine officer. Under the Quarantine Act, the officer is authorized to take appropriate measures if there is a potential public health risk, such as ordering the traveller to be taken to hospital for a medical examination. Quarantine is a federal legislative measure that obliges travellers showing signs and symptoms of a transmissible disease, upon arrival in this country to isolate themselves so that they avoid transmitting the disease to other persons in Canada. The purpose of this measure is to avoid the introduction or propagation of transmissible diseases presenting a serious public health hazard. Voluntary isolation consists of asking infected or potentially persons to isolate themselves at home and monitor their symptoms during the incubation period of the virus. These persons must call 1 877 644-4545 if symptoms appear. This measure is usually recommended by the public health authorities and seeks to limit the propagation of a virus to protect the person’s immediate circle and the community. People who do not have symptoms Consult the section For citizens returning from travelling on the Instructions and directives page.

## 8general-information-about-coronavirus
* web_content/8general-information-about-coronavirus
  - Government of Canada COVID‑19 information line: 1 833 784‑4397 Government of Québec COVID‑19 information line: 1 877 644-4545 Publications about COVID-19  Ministère de la Santé et des Services sociaux 2019 Novel Coronavirus infection (Wuhan, China): Outbreak update  Government of Canada Novel Coronavirus in China: recommendations for travellers  Government of Canada Novel Coronavirus infection: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)  Government of Canada

## 0stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/0stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - The current coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is a particular and rare situation. It can affect people physically, but also psychologically. In this type of context, many people will experience stress, anxiety and depression reactions. This page should be seen as a tool that can help you to minimize the repercussions of these kinds of reactions on your life.

## 1stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/1stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - Stress is a normal physiological response to an abnormal situation. As such, it is part and parcel of our lives. It enables our body to adapt to the multiplicity of positive and negative events that we experience, like a birth, marriage, loss of employment, etc. Stress comes and goes on its own, depending of what factors are involved. For example, if you feel stressed on the job but less so at home in the evening or on the weekend, we could deduce that the stressors are work-related.

## 2stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/2stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - Contrary to fear, which is a response to a well-defined and very real threat, anxiety is a response to a vague or unknown threat. Anxiety manifests itself when we believe that a dangerous or unfortunate event may take place and are expecting it. Everyone experiences anxiety at their own individual degree and intensity. How the anticipated event is perceived will greatly influence the intensity of the anxiety experience.

## 3stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/3stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - The dictionary defines depression as a passing state of lassitude, discouragement and sadness. Depression can appear in a variety of physical and psychological ways. Its intensity varies from one person to the next.

## 4stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/4stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - Stress, anxiety and depression reactions can appear in a variety of physical, psychological, emotional and behavioural ways for any given individual.

## 5stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/5stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - Feelings of suffocation, rapid heartbeat, dizziness, nauseaMajor sleep problemsPronounced reduced appetite, possibly associated with weight lossLow energy and pronounced fatigue or exhaustion

## 6stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/6stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - Anxiety and overwhelming fearFeeling panicked when you hear talk of the virusNegative pervasive thoughtsLoss of pleasure and interest in activities that you usually enjoy

## 7stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/7stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - Difficulty in carrying out daily tasksAvoiding anyone from outside the home because of fear of contagionObsessively monitoring coronavirus symptomsIntense, frequent cryingPronounced irritability and aggression, conflict with other members of the householdInability to concentrateAlcohol, drug and medication abuse

## 8stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/8stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - All of these symptoms of stress, anxiety and depression are very normal in the context of a pandemic. Most people have the resources and mental strength to adapt to this type of situation. You should first rely on how you usually adapt to difficult situations. Here are a few other ways for you to minimize the repercussions of these reactions in your daily life.

## 9stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/9stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - Insufficient and/or contradictory information may aggravate the reactions. Use reliable sources of information, such as the Coronavirus (COVID-19) page of Québec.ca, the official website of the Gouvernement du Québec.Be wary of sensationalist news reports from little known or dubious sources. Take the time to confirm such information with officially recognized sources.While it is important to stay adequately informed, limit the time taken to seek information about COVID-19 and its consequences. Information overload can aggravate your reaction to stress, anxiety and depression.

## 10stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/10stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - Be attentive to your feelings, emotions and reactions and allow yourself to voice them to someone you trust. Write them down or express them through physical or other types of activity.Make use of physical activity to let the stress out and eliminate tension.Practice healthy living habits like proper nutrition and sufficient sleep.Limit your access to stressors.Allow yourself life’s little pleasures such as listening to music, taking a warm bath, reading, etc.Remain in contact with people that do you good.Remind yourself of winning strategies you used in the past to get through difficult times.Count on your own strengths.Set limits for yourself, such as refusing a task that is non-essential or that you do not want to do.Learn to delegate and let others help you (this might be asking your children to do the dishes).

## 11stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
* web_content/11stress-anxiety-and-depression-associated-with-the-coronavirus-covid-19-disease
  - Generally speaking, overcoming reactions to stress, anxiety and depression is possible. Still, some unease may persist for some weeks or months, and even worsen. The following are signs that your state of health is deteriorating. These signs may mean that your personal resources no longer suffice to manage your worries on a daily basis. Seeking help could be beneficial.

## 0indigenous-communities
* web_content/0indigenous-communities
  - The government is ensuring that the communities receive and share the information that is being transmitted to the population: A crisis unit has been set up to support the intervention of Indigenous authorities, which includes the participation of the governments of Québec and Canada as well as a number of Indigenous organizations.A specific channel of communication has been opened with the Inuit, who are experiencing particular issues, owing to their geographical situation. Also, information is being shared on a daily basis through several platforms and in several formats (press releases, press scrums and computer graphics) in order to keep Indigenous communities well informed. We encourage citizens in Indigenous communities to consult the website www.quebec.ca/coronavirus daily, and to communicate with local health authorities if needed.

## 1indigenous-communities
* web_content/1indigenous-communities
  - Indigenous people living in urban areas are encouraged to follow the measures recommended by the Gouvernement du Québec on the website: https://www.quebec.ca/coronavirus/consignes. Each of the Indigenous authorities is in contact with its members living in urban areas in order to answer their questions and to inform them about local decisions relating to the spreading of the virus. In case of doubt, we recommend that you contact your Council.

## 2indigenous-communities
* web_content/2indigenous-communities
  - At present, priority is being placed on testing in hospitals and for travellers. We are working with the federal government and with our Indigenous partners to update the needs in each community and to review the situation daily, in order to be ready if screening becomes necessary in any of the communities under isolation. 

## 3indigenous-communities
* web_content/3indigenous-communities
  - As of now, here is the list of communities that intend to issue notices restricting or prohibiting access: ListugujWaswanipiKitcisakikWemotaciOpitciwanManawanEkuanitshitOuje-bougoumouKawawachikamachNunavik For more information, we encourage you to contact your Council.

## 4indigenous-communities
* web_content/4indigenous-communities
  - Gouvernement du Québec First Nations of Quebec and Labrador Health and Social Services Commission (FNQLHSSC)  Nunavik Regional Board of Health and Social Services  Cree Board of Health and Social Services of James Bay  We also encourage you to refer to your local health authorities.

